When does the billing of an Amazon EC2 system begin?
A. It starts when the Status column for your distribution changes from Creating to Deployed.
B. It starts as soon as you click the create instance option on the main EC2 console.
C. It starts when your instance reaches 720 instance hours.
D. It starts when Amazon EC2 initiates the boot sequence of an AM instance




What happens to Amazon EBS root device volumes, by default, when an instance terminates?
A. Amazon EBS root device volumes are moved to IAM.
B. Amazon EBS root device volumes are copied into Amazon RDS.
C. Amazon EBS root device volumes are automatically deleted.`
D. Amazon EBS root device volumes remain in the database until you delete the



Which of the following would you use to list your AWS Import/Exportjobs?
A. Amazon RDS
B. AWS Import/Export Web Service Tool
C. Amazon S3 REST API
D. AWS Elastic Beanstal





An organization has a statutory requirement to protect the data at rest for the S3 objects. Which of the below mentioned options need not be enabled by the
organization to achieve data security?
A. MFA delete for S3 object
B. Client side encryption
C. Bucket versioning
D. Data replication

In Amazon CIoudFront, if you use Amazon EC2 instances and other custom origins with CIoudFront, it is recommended to .
A. not use Elastic Load Balancing
B. restrict Internet communication to private instances while allowing outgoing traffic
C. enable access key rotation for CIoudWatch metrics
D. specify the URL of the load balancer for the domain name of your origin server







Which of the following features are provided by Amazon EC2?
A. Exadata Database Machine, Optimized Storage Management, Flashback Technology, and Data Warehousing
B. Instances, Amazon Machine Images (AMIs), Key Pairs, Amazon EBS Volumes, Firewall, Elastic IP address, Tags, and Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs)
C. Real Application Clusters (RAC), Elasticache Machine Images (EMIs), Data Warehousing, Flashback Technology, Dynamic IP address
D. Exadata Database Machine, Real Application Clusters (RAC), Data Guard, Table and Index Partitioning, and Data Pump Compression

